Saga plc (Saga or the Group), the UK's specialist in products and services for people over 50, provides the following update on trading covering the period from 1 February 2022 to 4 July 2022.
Euan Sutherland, Saga Group Chief Executive Officer, commented:

"During the first five months of the year, Saga has made good progress in what has been a particularly challenging external environment and we are pleased that we are on-track to return to an underlying profit for the 2022/23 financial year. We have continued to adapt our Insurance business to meet the evolving needs of our customers, most recently through the development of new products, providing them with greater flexibility and choice. Meanwhile, our Travel business is continuing to make progress as we emerge from the pandemic.

"At our full year results, in March, we set out an evolution of our strategic approach, to convert the foundations laid over the past two years into sustainable growth. This plan will see us focused on maximising our existing businesses, reducing our debt while step-changing our ability to scale the business and positioning Saga as the superbrand for older people. In support of this, we are delighted to have announced separately today, a series of appointments to strengthen our leadership, all of whom will play a pivotal role in accelerating the pace of change at Saga.

"While the external environment remains challenging in the near-term, I am confident that our strategy, our people and our product offering will create long-term growth and value for our stakeholders."

Disciplined approach to pricing and actions taken to broaden product offering in challenging insurance market environment:
Maintained disciplined approach to pricing in the context of ongoing claims inflation, currently in the high single digits; and significant proportion of customers on three-year fixed-price policies.
Recovery in travel insurance with policy sales in June in line with pre-pandemic levels. Total policy sales across all products 2% behind the prior year.
Motor and home policies in force, for five months ended 30 June 2022, 4% behind 31 January 2022; policy sales 9% behind the same period in the prior year due to decline in new business.

