Frontier expects to report revenue for Hl FY23 of approximately £57 million (H1 FY22: £49.1 million),
The 16% growth above the comparative period was achieved from revenue contributions from two new
game releases, F1® Manager 2022 and Stranded: Alien Dawn, alongside the ongoing material revenue
contributions from Frontier's portfolio of existing games, which accounted for around two-thirds of total
revenue in the period.

Frontier continues to benefit from a strong balance sheet, with £42.6 million of cash as at 30 November
2022 (31 May 2022: £38.7 million) after payment of the upfront consideration for the acquisition of
Complex Games in November 2022.

Portfolio update

F1® Manager 2022

F1® Manager 2022, the first annual title in a major new sports franchise for Frontier, was released at the end of August 2022.
(Over 600,000 units have been sold to date across PC, Xbox and PlayStation, including both digital and physical unit sales
on console. Metacritic ratings are between 74 and 80 across the three platforms.

Player engagement at release in August 2022 and during the initial period after release was strong, and broadly in-line with
original expectations. Unfortunately, sales performance during key holiday season price promotions fell materially below
original expectations, potentially due in part to increased player price sensitivity related to worsening economic conditions.

F1® Manager 2022 remains a good first game in an important new annual franchise for Frontier. We have already leamed a
lot from our first F1® Manager launch, and we will build the F1® Manager franchise over the coming years.

However, as a result of the underperformance of F1® Manager 2022 during the holiday period, the Board has reduced its
revenue projections for FY23 and FY24.

Our existing portfolio

The performance of Frontier's existing intemally developed games which released before June 2022, namely Elite
Dangerous, Planet Coaster, Jurassic World Evolution 1, Jurassic World Evolution 2 and Planet Zoo, was in-line with
expectations during Hl FY23. However, sales performance during key price promotions in December 2022 fell below
expectations, with some evidence of increased player price sensitivity.

As expected, the strongest performers from our existing portfolio in the financial year to date have been Jurassic World
Evolution 2 and Planet Zoo, which continue to be supported with free updates and multiple PDLC (paid-downloadable
content) packs.

Frontier Foundry

Frontier Foundry is our games label for publishing games developed by partner studios, which we started in
summer 2019 with the signing of experienced developer Haemimont Games, based in Bulgatia.

During this financial year we successfully released Haemimont's Stranded: Alien Dawn into early access on
Steam, and announced two new games for release in early calendar year 2023; Deliver us Mars and The
Great War: Western Front.

Following the successful release of Warhammer 40,000: Chaos Gate - Daemonhunters in May 2022, we
were pleased to complete the acquisition of developer Complex Games on 1 November 2022. The closer
collaboration achieved through the pre-acquisition process and subsequent deal completion can be
evidenced by the successful release of PDLC for Warhammer 40,000: Chaos Gate - Daemonhunters in
December 2022, which increased player engagement with the game during the important festive trading
period. Integration of the Complex team is progressing well, and we are growing headcount from the 20
people on board at acquisition.

Foundry has supported eight different games to date, with six released games and two titles launching in the
next few months. Given our mixed experience of third-party publishing in terms of financial success to
date, we are assessing our strategy for Foundry in light of such experiences and competitive trends in the
market. In particular, we are reviewing the return on investment achieved by Foundry.

Whilst we remain committed to, and excited by, the titles currently in development for release in FY23, we
currently do not have any Foundry titles scheduled for release in FY24.

Current trading and outlook

Based on the lower than expected sales contribution from F1® Manager 2022, the general sales underperformance across the
‘whole portfolio during the holiday period, and the uncertain contribution from Foundry in the remainder of FY23, the Board
no longer expects to achieve the FY23 market consensus forecasts for revenue and IFRS operating profit, being £135 million
and £19 million respectively.

The outturn over the five remaining months of the financial year is dependent on a number of variables,
including the timing and contribution from the scheduled Foundry releases and the macro-economic
environment.

The Board believes it is still possible to surpass last year's record revenue performance of £114 million,
particularly if one of the upcoming Foundry titles is a conspicuous success. However, given the number of
variables and the more challenging economic outlook, the Board's revised expectation is to deliver revenue
of not less than £100 million in FY23.

Profitability in FY23 will be adversely affected by the revised lower level of sales performance. The Board
believe that a revenue outcome of £100 million would deliver an IFRS operating profit margin of around
2% (operating profit of c.£2 million), whilst achieving £114 million of revenue would deliver a margin of
approximately 9% (operating profit of c.£10 million).

Looking further ahead into FY24, which will benefit from Frontier's Warhammer Age of Sigmar real-time
strategy game and F1® Manager 2023, the Board has set its expectations for revenue growth at 5% above
the eventual revenue outcome for FY23, in light of current market and portfolio uncertainties, and the
absence of new titles from Foundry releasing in FY24.

Jonny Watts, Frontier's CEO, said
"It is very disappointing to be resetting our financial expectations.

As CEO, I am driving a change in emphasis to increase focus on our core strengths and skills, with
particular attention to increasing the return on investment that we achieve from our world-class teams. We
intend to grow the number of our development teams to increase the cadence of new releases, whilst
continuing to nurture our existing portfolio, to achieve sustainable growth

We have created a strong portfolio of games and we continue to learn and respond to challenges as we
expand and nurture our portfolio. Iam grateful to our talented people for their continued hard work."